hi everyone I'm here today to talk about
my latest fun perches and it is this is
wait for the light to sort it out it is
a wig by hair razors and it is this week
I'm i bought this wig a couple of weeks
ago I've worn it a few times and that's
it really comfortable and I bought this
from a website i'm actually loathe to
recommend i'm not going to say which
website was because they were awful and
i bought and paid for it and six days
later looking where is it hmm i've
already paid for this i eat i had to
email them and say I was expecting it
three or four days ago where is it it's
a doll sorry we're out of stock hmm I
looked at your terms and conditions on
your website and it said that when
something is out of stock you put it on
your website is out of stock so people
don't order it so the long and the short
of the story is two weeks later I
finally get this week which I could have
bought from somewhere else for the same
price and had it before hand and but
this I actually went to have it fitted
if you want to know the full story I've
written about it on my blog and I've got
a few pictures and things on there as
well but I went to have it fit in I
tried on quite a few some were hilarious
and and I wish I'd taken some photos of
those others and it was just kind of too
much hair whereas this one is actually
sort of quite fine it's not sort of two
Wiggy yeah whatever you want to call it
from that and there's I haven't got a
little brochure here all the different
ones they do and I tried on quite a few
of them and they just felt too big and
too much hair and but I settled on this
one it's called Holly and this is a
color 1b it's a synthetic wig and which
means it's actually easier to look after
because it won't sort of splits at the
ends it's quite easy to wash and dry and
I use next
brush this is worn by an owl men and
which I had when I have extensions and
it's all I can say is it's a bit weird
wearing a wig I quite like it I've worn
one for the whole day in the whole
evening and last Saturday and it was
quite comfortable towards the end I
started to get a little bit sort of
itchy underneath I just put my hair in a
ponytail and sort of tuck it and
excellent has kind of just a bit longer
than this so if you have a lot of hair
you might want to use something like
that which is a wig cap and that's how
comes and just a little it's just made
of the same material as your tights and
you pop it on your head and you can clip
it down when I've worked in the theater
and we use these putting people wigs on
we tend to pop those on and pop some
clips in then put the wig in and clip
those in too and that kind of keeps them
in but those are only quite heavy weeks
this one is not very heavy at all saying
that it does keep my head really warm
and and I just really like it I had to
have the the front trimmed because when
I got it it was down here and I couldn't
actually see and so when you get a wig
when you go for your regular haircut
take up take it with you put it on and
they will actually trim it for you so
that it's perfect every time you wear it
I'm all I tend to do is just give it a
little brush and and sort of sleek it
down because it doesn't it doesn't
really move don't have to worry about it
flying off in the wind that I've driven
in an open top sports car in this and
it's been absolutely fine and and I
picked this particular week because it
looks like a wig I don't think I'm
trying to cover anything up I just
wanted to have like a really fun
hairstyle which people won't think twice
what ago she's wearing a wig and I've
got enough confidence to go yes I'm
wearing a wig and it's brilliant I
didn't have to do anything to my hair it
took me half the time to get
and at the end of the night I can just
take it off brush it foot away and it
will still be perfect I don't have to
use any products i don't have to use any
tools nothing and it just looks great
every time so my advice is if you're
thinking about getting a wig don't just
buy one off the internet go to a proper
and store that will sit you down someone
nice and private and give you enough
time to try everything on because I did
buy one from the internet that I thought
would look perfect I got it home and I
look like Dudley Moore I looked
ridiculous and I just giggled about it
so I'm weeks out about covering up wigs
are fun and I do love this one I'm
particularly enamored with the fringe
simply because as a kid I had a fringe
like this and I couldn't have one like
this now because my hair is not thick
enough and but I just I just enjoy it
out of all of them it was the most fun
the sort of most stylish sort of easiest
to look after i don't really like layers
and lots of hair and so much work for
this if i could i would have my normal
hair like this because i really like the
style so anyway that was my whistle stop
chat about my new wig and you might see
me wearing it in some of my videos if
I'm having a bad hair day I can just put
this on and it's all good so wigs are
good and give them a try this one as I
said was called Holly and it's by hair
razors I think they have a website but
and if you sort of search for it have a
look at their and catalog pick one that
you like the look of after having tried
something on in a shop and or and in a
shop in a storm and a department or
something you can always find it online
a bit cheaper than in stores or you can
buy it there and if there are
hairdressers as well they can trim it in
for you to there anyway thanks for
watching bye